So as it is right now, we are able to look here, we can pass our inputs in our entire bill and everything
is great, right?
The actions are working and this is will get today.
There really is that what drives this entire application is this entire bill.
Right?
That means we need to get this information and then pass it on the function, right?
That way, we can get this information in this case, 100 or $2000.
And then later on, connect to these other pieces here.
Why the split amount and the tip?
Of course, the slider and so forth so that we can have a total amount per person.
That is the idea.
The way things are right now, we are calling inside of our main content.
We have all the states.
It's all OK and we call in their input field.
So it's working because we see everything working.
Now how do we get this information that we are adding and pass it on to a different function in this
case as a callback, so we can use it anywhere we want?
So to facilitate our lives, really, all of this information needs to be somewhere else.
What that means is instead of my content here only just have these states as part of the process of
state hosting, right?
So remove the state call up so that we have this composable that is relatively stateless.
So what I'm going to do is create yet another composable yes, you guessed it, it would say at composable
bill say fine for first bill form a section.
Now this bill form here is going to host.
All of this code mainly is going to host this input field because we want to then be able to pass the
value we get through our bill form so that when we call bill form will then have a trailing lambda,
which will have the value, which is this value here.
But if that doesn't make any sense, it's OK.
It will make sense, I promise you.
So again, for our bill form here, what I'm going to do for some say modifier.
And pass here a default modifier, so we don't have to worry about it.
OK.
And then there are a few things that need to pass, go ahead and give everybody here and then I'm going
to pass a few things, but we're going to go slow.
But what I really want to pass is this.
Method called on vowel change because this is going to capture the values that we are getting from our
text field.
So this will expect a string because that's what I'm getting.
And then we're going to return nothing in it like this.
OK.
And as a default for now, I'm just going to retire, put nothing like that, squarely curly braces
like that.
OK, so that's the idea.
So what so what?
We want to happen here?
Well, a lot of things.
But for now, let's just go ahead and remove some of this code.
Actually, I'm going to take all of this surface.
Let's see about here all this code.
I'm going to remove all of that and put inside here.
Out of our bill, and we're going to have some issues.
It's OK.
And then I'm also going to get these.
For now, get all of these and add them.
Put them there.
OK.
Of course, we'll have to do what we did before.
And let's go ahead and add experimental, the first one is fine.
Tara Composable there.
OK, so our main concern is is empty right now.
That's OK.
We'll get back to that.
So our bill form here, we pass it modifier.
That's fine on values.
And this is where I want us to focus on.
This is very important.
And remember, because a composable function, you can pass a functional as a parameter.
But the beauty is that if it's the last thing that we pass as a parameter, a function, then this can
be used.
Then then then what we call bill form.
This can be transformed into a trailing a lambda, which is really awesome, because then we're going
to have access to the values that we're passing there.
So now if we go back to our input field, we have to do here.
This is where we're going to call the on value changed, which is this guy here and pass in the value
that we're getting in our input field.
So I'm going to get rid of this.
And here I'm going to say on Val change, I'm going to pass the total bill, state that value and I'm
going to go ahead and trim that value.
So that way, we'll just get the actual value.
So you call trim, it just trims off all the fat, as you'd like to call it, everything that is unnecessary.
Now what do we gain from this?
It sounds very not glorious, if you will.
We get a lot because now if I call this bill form inside of our main, it can say here bill form a such.
Look at this.
Of course, I can go ahead and pass it, modify it.
But we're not interested in that now, but I can go ahead and pass it.
Trailing Lambda.
Aha.
If you do that, you can see now we have the information here.
This case here, I can just change this to bill AMTI amount.
Thank you.
And then look at this, I can say log D. Hit enter and then I'm going to pass our bill amount like this.
Say A. Like that, so now things change, main content still be called if I run this again.
Look at what's going to happen if I go and add 123 hit enter.
If I go to Logcat and change this to debug.
And look for a empty.
While the 123.
This is really important because now we're able to get the amount that we want, it means we can do
all sorts of calculations going back here if I change this to something else and I am using my phone.
Let's go back and I hit enter again.
It's fine.
Let's go back and say 56 hit enter can see the amounts are indeed changing.
So we are receiving the values that we need.
So here I can do all sorts of things I can say, for instance, that to Int if I want to to change our
tune into you and I can multiply that by 100.
Look, what's going to happen?
Let's go ahead and run again just to show you right.
If I put 100 hate, enter now we get 10000 because I'm multiplying any value that I add there by a 100.
So four five enter forty five hundred and.
Great.
This is really, really good.
OK.
And the beauty also is, if you look closely, can see that we still have that very nice border which
is going to grow and look more like this once we're done with this app.
But at least the most important thing here, the driver of this entire application, we are able to
we were able to set it up for the most part, and it's ready because it's receiving the information
that's receiving our data.
In this case, our value, the bill, and then we're able to do something with that number.
All of this is because we're able to extract that code and put in a different composable.
And we have this own value change kind of like a callback, really, when it's used here at the bottom,
save on value change, we pass the value which is going to be the state and dream everything and get
the actual value into the string and only pass along.
So now we can use it and what we want whenever we call bill form just like that.